here
many of us have used a
conventional keyboard for both tasks
desktop as for gaming but
There comes a time when we
we propose to make the leap to a more keyboard
specific
still the investment in a keyboard of
this guy may feel risky already
not only for the price but for the
functions that we expect from a keyboard
gaming
We already presented the solution this week
what coolermaster he had for us and
now we bring you the last of the
Spanish of tacens
since they started in 2005 have
introduced a multitude of products and in
this time they bring us their marsé line of
peripherals we concretely have the
mk1 keyboard and mouse m / m 1
lm one is a mouse that could well have
been for ministers only with the detail
of not having included the buttons more in
the right side is about a mouse
Ergonomically speaking totally
symmetrical
It has an adequate size that you will like
both those that we have hands
small ones like those with a size of
top hand
It is also made of polycarbonate
with a subtle difference to the rest and is
that its upper part is covered with
non-slip teflon something that turns out
very pleasant to the touch
details like a gold-plated connector
and meshed cable of a length of 2
meters will give you more
durability
It also has 6 buttons 2 located
on the left side a central button
in the scroll a button to adjust the
of p
and the two usual buttons right and
left between your specifications
we will find up to 3200 cpi thanks to
optical sensor that also incorporates
suppose 20000 hertz thanks to the button
of pay we can adjust a the fly the
sensitivity between 400 800 1,600 and 3,200
in each mode will be identified by a
different color
and if we talk about mk one what we most
has been surprised has been his software but
of this we will talk later account
with a sober design without shrillness in
a rigorous black color where only
highlights the word most illuminated in red
in the part of the overflowing dolls
in its lower part we will find the
possibility of raising the height of the
keyboard
lm as one enters Cable
Mesh and gold plated connector
apart from the usual keys all
they membrane has 20 keys
multimedia that will allow us a better
control of this type of tasks a
fast and dynamic way
as we have previously commented its
strong point is the software that
incorporates with this we can define
any type of function for each one
of its keys we can also store
the up to three different profiles
all a pleasant surprise on this keyboard
then we were pleasantly surprised
with two peripherals that will offer you
much more than you expect
if you are looking for a keyboard and a mouse
to start in the gamer world these
may be your choice maybe we have
missed macro functions for the
m1 and some specific key for this
in mk 1 but if we consider the
price of both peripherals little more
we can ask the tacens guys
are already available on our website for
your purchase you have the links in the
description